DOSCP-43051 Get Started landing and Install (#32)
mongodb/docs-c: source/get-started/download-and-install.txt

Reviewer: So, the Linux installation instructions are technically correct. However, I fear that they way they are currently written could lead users to incorrectly assume that the version of the C driver provided by a particular version of a particular distro is adequate when it may not be for some given set of circumstances. For reference, here are the C driver versions shipped by the current active/stable distros:

| | |
| ----- | ----- |
| EPEL7 | 1.3.6 |
| EPEL8 | 1.27.6 |
| EPEL9 | 1.27.6 |
| Debian 10 | 1.14.0 |
| Debian 11 | 1.17.6 |
| Debian 12 | 1.23.1 |
| Ubuntu 18.04 LTS | 1.9.2 |
| Ubuntu 20.04 LTS | 1.16.1 |
| Ubuntu 22.04 LTS | 1.21.0 |
| Ubuntu 24.04 LTS | 1.26.0 |

Some of those are, well, really old.

Given this, it probably makes sense to recommend that before installing the available version of the C driver should be checked (with a command like `apt-cache policy libmongoc-dev` on Debian/Ubuntu or `sudo dnf info mongo-c-driver-devel` on RHEL/Fedora). If the version is sufficiently recent, then the package manager installation can be completed, otherwise installation should be done from source.

      ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

      You can install the driver on RedHat Enterprise Linux (RHEL)
      distributions, version 7 or later, or distributions based on RHEL,
      such as:

      - `CentOS <https://www.centos.org/>`__
      - `Rocky Linux <https://rockylinux.org/>`__
      - `AlmaLinux <https://almalinux.org/>`__

      Before you install the driver on a RHEL distribution, not including
      Fedora, you must first enable the Extra Packages for Enterprise
      Linux (EPEL) repository. You can enable the EPEL repository by
      installing the ``epel-release`` package, as shown in the following
      example:

      .. code-block:: bash

          yum install epel-release

      Then, you can install the {+driver-short+}
      by using ``yum``. To do so, run the following command in
      your shell:

      .. code-block:: bash

         yum install mongo-c-driver-devel
        
      The preceding code example installs the developer packages, which
      are required to build applications that use the {+driver-short+}. To
      install only the libraries, without development files, run the
      following command:

      .. code-block:: bash

>          yum install mongo-c-driver

Reviewer 2: Q: Should this be in a note admonition box? The way this reads makes this seems like an alternative to the steps above, so it could be helpful to separate it visually.

Author: Good call. I put this in an admonition and took the paragraph directly following out of the admonition to avoid having one right after the other (and I think it still works outside of one)

      .. tip::

         If you are installing on a RHEL distribution that is version 8 or
         later, we recommend running the preceding code examples by using

>          ``dnf`` instead of ``yum``   

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
         ``dnf`` instead of ``yum``  .
```

      If you are using Fedora or an enterprise Linux distribution of
      version 8 or later, you can install the driver by using the same
      commands as shown in the :ref:`preceding example <c-redhat-install>`
      and replacing ``yum`` with ``dnf``.

      The following example shows how to install the {+driver-short+} in a
      Fedora distribution:

      .. code-block:: bash

         dnf install mongo-c-driver-devel

      Debian-Based Distributions
      ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

      In Debian-Based Linux distributions, including Ubuntu and Ubuntu
      derivatives, the driver libraries are available through the Advanced
      Packaging Tool (APT). You can install the driver with APT by running
      the following command in your shell:

      .. code-block:: bash

         apt install libmongoc-dev
        
      The preceding code example installs the developer packages, which
      are required to build applications that use the {+driver-short+}. To
      install only the libraries, without development files, run the
      following command:

      .. code-block:: bash

         apt install libmongoc-1.0-0

   .. tab:: Windows
      :tabid: install-windows

>       For windows environments, we recommend building the {+driver-short+}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      For Windows environments, we recommend building the {+driver-short+}
```

      If you are using `vcpkg classic mode <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/vcpkg/users/classic-mode>`__,
      you can install the driver by running the following command in
      your shell:
        
      .. code-block:: bash

         vcpkg install mongo-c-driver

      After you install the driver, the standard CMake configuration file
      is available, as well as the generated ``IMPORTED`` targets. You can
      create a ``CMakeLists.txt`` file as shown in the following example:
        
      .. code-block:: cmake
       
         find_package(mongoc-1.0 CONFIG REQUIRED)
         target_link_libraries(my-application
             PRIVATE $<IF:$<TARGET_EXISTS:mongo::mongoc_shared>,mongo::mongoc_shared,mongo::mongoc_static>)
        
      .. note::
        
         You can use the ``$<IF:$<TARGET_EXISTS...>:...>`` generator
         expression in the preceding example to switch the link type of
         ``libmongoc`` based on the form that is available from the
         ``find_package()`` command. ``libmongoc`` supports building with
         both *dynamic* and *static* library types, but vcpkg
         installs only one type at a time.
        

>       To configure the CMake project with vcpkg integration, set the CMake
>       toolchain file in the configuration command, as shown in the
>       following example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      To configure the CMake project with vcpkg integration, set the CMake
      toolchain file in the configuration command by running the following
      commands in your terminal:
```
